Acd 600 (#15)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: Taxes/UserInterface/01c_TaxClasses.md

# Tax classes

*Taxes > Settings > Tab TAX CLASSES*

![Tax classes](../../Assets/Screenshots/Taxes/Settings/TaxClasses/TaxClasses.png "[Tax classes]")

> 

Reviewer: Button Add ist als oberstes auf der Seite angezeigt.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tax class**
```

- *Tax classes*  

> All available tax classes are listed. By default, the standard rate and the reduced rate tax class are displayed. Tax classes can be created, edited and deleted, see [Manage the tax classes](../Integration/02_ManageTaxClasses.md).

Reviewer: was soll das für ein Feld sein?

- ![Add](../../Assets/Icons/Plus01.png "[Add]") (Add)   

> Click this button to create an entry. A new entry line is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click this button to create a new tax class. A new entry line is displayed.
```

- (Entry line)  

> Click the corresponding field to enter or edit the tax class name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter or edit the tax class name.
```

> - (Entry line)  
> Click the corresponding field to enter or edit the tax class name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Tax class entry)  
Enter or edit the tax class name. By default, the *Standard rate* and the *Reduced rate* tax classes are predefined.
```

- ![Delete](../../Assets/Icons/Trash08.png "[Delete]") (Delete)  

> Click this button to delete the corresponding entry.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click this button to delete the corresponding tax class.  
```
